Look at this glitz and glamour.
If you see the light
hitting it...
Just look at that.
Can you see that, Keith?
Now, this is one of those
pieces that you put on,
and people will be whispering,
"Who is that?
Is that a countess?
Is she the Duchess of Wales?"
At the very least,
they'll be saying,
"She must be friends
with Whitney Houston."
"Dreams" by The Cranberries
Joanna, sweetie,
do you need something?
-Is that a cookie cake?
-Yeah.
It's my birthday.
Cookie cake's my favorite.
-Aw, happy birthday, Shannon.
-Thanks, hon.
I can't remember the last time
I got to eat a cookie cake.
There are so few pleasures
I get to enjoy in this world.
You know, leukemia.
Oh, my life...
Would you like a piece?
Thank you.
In every possible way...
Do you need something else,
Joanna?
It's just, my mom and dad
are in my room.
Look at how that gold shimmers.
How spectacular is that?
Now, this is one of those pieces
that you put on,
you could be going
to a brunch or an event...
-No.
-...that you honestly just need
in your fine jewelry collection.
It's a basic, and I don't know
about you gals,
but when I'm having a bad day,
jewelry has a way of making me
feel so much better.
It's almost an escape
to old Morocco
or the Turkish coast.
An exotic delicacy that
really transports you
to an ancient land.
And for a pita chip,
it really has that crunch
you want.
Visit aisle 13 for big savings
on Cheez Doodles.
Thanks for visiting Costco.
Joanna?
Oh! Lizzy Gomez
from high school.
-Oh, my... oh, my gosh.
-Oh, wow!
Wait, uh, do you work here?
No, uh, yeah. Uh, at times I do.
Oh, okay. Wow.
What about you?
What are you up to, queen?
Just so busy working.
I'm back and forth to Italy
all the time.
Yeah, me, too.
-For Costco?
-Yeah.
Um, we do a lot of importing
from Europe.
So I'm always just
picking up, you know,
gelat', biscott',
fettuccin', spaghetti.
So just, like, busy, busy, busy.
-You know.
-Hey, Joey Bean,
for your three o'clock demo,
did we say
Bagel Bites or Turkey Tots?
Turkey Tots.
-I'm sorry?
-Turkey Tots.
I'm s... Once again.
You got to say it louder.
I said "Turkey Tots," Dad!
You got it, honey bear.
I mean, here she is,
living her life in, you know,
all kinds of Italy places,
and I'm at Costco?
I mean, I...
I never even wanted
to work there, you know?
-Hmm.
-I mean, my dream was always...
to be a host on SVN.
-What is that?
-The Special Value Network. Duh.
I don't know.
I was just thinking,
"What if I did it?"
What if I, like, auditioned?
I mean,
of course, I would not do
anything that would take me away
from Cleveland without
discussing it with you first.
Sorry. I'm confused.
Uh, we've been on, like,
two dates.
Mm, three.
Are you counting our run-in
at Walgreens?
The point is, I think
we were both feeling like
this was kind of it for us.
We kissed on our first date.
What was that about?
I mean...
I'm dating other people.
Did you think
that we were exclusive?
-No.
-So,
I don't think
I should be a part of any
of your major life decisions.
-Yeah?
-Have you...
-done much dating before?
-Yeah.
I've done a ton of it.
Um, if I told you more about it,
it would probably
gross you out, basically,
because of the sluttiness of it.
And all of the dates I do.
You know what?
I think I'm gonna go.
You're nice,
but I didn't, you know.
So, I thought this was
gonna kind of...
Best of luck to you.
-And to you, same to you.
-Seriously.
-I wish you all the...
-luck in the world.
-Okay.
And stay out!
Another dump, made by me.
slow, gentle music
Joanna Gold?
I see you signed in,
but I don't have you registered.
You know what?
That's my... What?
Sorry. I just have to take this,
but can you just...?
Hello, Peter?
Oh, it's my agent.
Um, yeah, Peter,
um, they're saying
that I'm not on the list.
-Is that--
-Whatever. Just come with me.
Oh, great. Home office.
Just sell us the pencil.
Okay, um, uh,
just-just the pencil,
not the other stuff?
Okay.
An architect uses a pencil
to build a house.
An astronaut uses a pencil
to plan a journey to the moon.
And-and by the way,
when was the last time
you wrote a letter
to someone you love?
What I have for you today is
a portal
to the person
that you are meant to become,
the life
that you are meant to live.
With this pencil,
your dreams can come true.
And why shouldn't they?
Why not you?
uplifting music
Okay, great. Okay.
Thank...
In my opinion, that setup
we have for you at Costco
is way better than SVN.
You get to use
your sparkling personality
to sell fabulous products,
and you get to stay
right here in Cleveland,
birthplace of rock and roll.
They would have called by now,
so I don't even think I got it.
Who wants to live
in Pennsylvania?
-There is so much fracking,
you cannot drink the water.
And the hospitals,
they are nothing
like they are here.
I'm not sick anymore.
I haven't been sick in 20 years.
My whole life, it's just,
"Honey, be careful.
You had cancer."
Or, "Look at her,
the cancer, you know, person."
You guys,
I-I live with my parents.
-I mean, that is--
-You have your own entrance.
I know, and it is great, okay?
And-and I love that little area
outside with the chair.
-It's just...
- Kiss me...
Oh. Hello?
Yes, this is Joanna Gold.
That is me.
Uh-huh, that-- Yes. Yes.
Yes! Thank you so much!
Oh, my God! I got it!
-I got it! Oh, my God.
-Oh.
Oh, no. I just hung up on them.
-No! Oh, no.
-H-Hit star 69.
upbeat music
Um, excuse me.
Hi. Um, I'm not sure
if I'm in the right place.
-I'm Joanna.
-Joanna. Yeah.
I know who you are. I'm Darcy,
Patricia's senior associate,
not her assistant.
-Okay.
-Always run everything by me.
But don't talk to me
if I look busy,
such as right now.
We're gonna start you
Monday, 5 a.m.,
with the Janeane by Janeane
place mats and tablescapes.
Oh, my gosh.
I love Janeane by Janeane.
-That's great. Go sit down.
-Mm-hmm.
Cool.
Oh!
That's Papa's chair.
-Oh. Papa Bear?
-Yeah.
Okay, guys. Huge announcement.
We just closed: exclusive
lash line with Los AngeLash.
Also, we're gonna price-cut the
Playa del Fun margarita makers
and the Tandy-Fit Booty
Blasters. Do me a favor--
Absolutely not!
No.
Tell Marco I'm not gonna pay 90
for a Basquiat.
I don't care if it comes
with his dick in a jar.
-Morning.
I thought we were pulling
the egg poachers.
Oh, I thought you said we were
thinking of pulling them.
And you're happy with Thursday?
Oh, I think
Thursday's really strong.
Why is Dazzling Diamonessence
leading into
Backyard Grill Kings?
Hmm. Oh, um, well,
you had said you wanted
to push the Beef Boys inventory.
When you get your asshole waxed,
does the waxer lady try to sell
you a lawn mower right after?
No, because
she knows her audience.
Well, we don't really
talk after.
I thought Jackie was on
Fabulously Ageless.
I'm here! So sorry I'm late.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
I was on Fabulously Ageless,
but I told Darcy to take me off.
It's just...
you know, the divorce is final.
Boo-hoo. So, I guess I'm just
not in the mood
to sell wrinkle cream.
Well, we're all so sorry
for everything
you're going through, honey.
And we all have a lot of faith
that you're going to be able
to get in the mood.
So, list--
Actually, I've been using
the Up All Night
LED book light nonstop.
I am obsessed with it.
So, I told Darcy
I want to do that.
Have you all read
that crazy memoir
about that astronaut
who wore the space diaper
when she drove cross-country
to stalk
her ex-boyfriend's
new girlfriend?
It is so interesting
hearing her side of the story.
She was very determined.
Should we pause for more book
reports, or should we continue?
Oh, Pat, don't be such a grump.
I'm not being a grump.
I'm just trying
to run a Fortune 500 company,
thank you.
Who is this person?
Oh, this is Joanna Gold.
You hired her last week.
Oh, hi.
Um, I just want to say
I'm so excited to be here,
working with you guys
and on this journey with you.
And that it is just freaking rad
to get to see, um,
how   le   sausage is made.
Just, like, "hashtag BTS."
Behind the scenes.
What are you selling me?
Oh, I was, um, told
Janeane by Janeane place mats.
Perry, what are you selling me?
I'm a Georgia boy,
born and bred.
Meat and potatoes kind of guy.
I like the simple things.
-See you at church on Sunday.
Beth Ann,
what are you selling me?
I'm a momfluencer balancing
career, family and self-care.
How does she do it?
-Rosé all day.
Now, what are you selling me?
Okay, I got it. All right.
Um, well, I hail from Cleveland,
the birthplace of rock and roll.
And if you're looking for,
you know, a really good friend
who, um,
also is very professional,
honestly, and, um,
loves her job,
you know, she-she's a working...
Oh, she's a working girl.
Then, or whatever.
Then you should just
call-call me up
because I love...
I love working,
and I love... I love to party,
within reason. And so, yeah.
You know who to call for...
...a-a friend and coworker
of a lifetime.
Yeah.
Wow.
Okay. Honey, you're going to be
selling to millions of people.
And if they're gonna buy
from you, they're gonna need
to know who you are.
This isn't a fucking
Sunglass Hut!
Darcy, move her down to 3 a.m.
3 a.m., yeah, I agree.
Jackie, let me worry
about what you're selling,
'cause I need you to focus
on training Joanna this week.
What? No. No, Pat. Come on.
I really was looking forward
to being out there
with my at-home viewers,
my at-home family. Please?
I need her to learn
from the best.
Give her some
of that Jackie magic,
'cause she fucking needs it.
Hey, Joanna, honey,
figure out what the fuck
you're selling me, okay?
On it.
Jesus.
Hi. Uh, I'm Jordan.
-Are you okay?
-Oh. From what?
I just... I'm gonna need you--
-Okay. Yeah, sorry.
-I need both hands.
Yeah, no worries. All right.
There we go.
This is you. Dressing room H.
Oh, my God. My name.
You're adorable.
Let me just, um...
Oh.
-Sorry.
--Oh.
-Oh, man.
-Um, who's calling?
Oh, sorry. It's my ex.
Was it a messy breakup?
Did she take you for granted?
-That bitch.
-What?
Uh, no, she's-she's cool.
She's not a bitch.
Sorry. Ugh. I'm just being
such a fuckface.
Um, so your shirt, uh,
"Grass is Greener"?
What does that, or... what mean?
Um, it's just my band name,
Grass is Greener.
What kind of music
does your band play?
Well, we have kind of
a unique sound.
We sort of upcycle
'90s classics.
Okay, wait a second.
Love '90s music.
It's the last great decade
of music.
-That's what I think.
-I think
you're really gonna
dig our sound.
Uh-oh.
Is this one giving you
a hard time?
-No.
-Hi, babe. I'm Beth Ann.
-Hi.
-Welcome to the fam.
-Thank you.
-So, I guess I'm not
-the shiny new penny anymore.
-Hey, Jor-Jor, angel face?
-Yes?
Could you track down Fran
for me?
She said she would zhuzh
my hair, and I'm on in 20.
Uh, she actually asked
not to be your hair person.
-Uh, sorry. Go for Jordan.
-Are you faking that?
Okay, he is, like,
almost as hot as my husband.
-Oh.
-Do you have a husband?
-No, um--
-My husband,
my kids, they're, like,
my whole world.
-Mm.
-They're obsessed with me.
I'm obsessed with them.
Anyway,
the product meeting earlier.
Don't worry
about totally shitting the bed.
Like, no one's gonna think
you're a psycho.
And they put you in here,
and that's great.
I'm over there, in the big one.
So nice to talk to you.
Bye, new friend!
-Bye.
upbeat music
Joanne? Hi.
I just came over to say
I'm sorry about that.
I wasn't trying
to avoid you back there.
-I'm just... I'm Jackie.
-I know who you are.
It's so fun to...
see your face and body.
And... to meet you
in the person.
Aw. And I wanted to say
I didn't mean to act weird
about training you. I'm just
going through some junk, some--
-Oh.
-Don't take it personally.
No, not at all.
It-it's, like, in-insane
that you'd be training me.
I mean, you're-you're, like, the
best host in the history of SVN.
What? No, I'm not. Come on.
What makes you say that?
Oh, so many reasons.
Really? Like, what reasons?
I want to hear.
You're, like...
you're so pretty.
Um, you're so smart.
Yeah, you're Jackie.
I've been watching you forever.
I mean, I kind of idolize you.
Sorry.
I-I can ask
if someone else can train me.
It's, like, insane
that you would train me.
You know what?
For you, I'm gonna do it.
-Oh!
-I got a lot of great pointers.
And as you know,
I'm really good at this.
Welcome to the jungle, Joanne.
-It's "Joanna."
-Oh.
-Joanna!
And don't you dare
take a picture of my butt.
-Mmm, mmm, mmm!
"Mr. Angel" by Tommy Newport
If you'll just look over here
at the Dusty Plum,
and look
at this magnetic fastener.
The other day, I actually caught
my son Tristan playing with it,
and he goes,
"My puwse, my puwse."
And I was like, "No, no, no, no,
no, not for boys."
"You can have a fire truck."
Okay, so see this monitor
right here?
The line goes up,
you're selling.
Line goes down, you're tanking.
She's doing okay,
but she should really be talking
about the leather options.
Hang on. You know what? Go into
the control room and watch.
-Okay.
-I'm gonna show you something.
-Okay. Yes.
-Go.
And, oh, wait. Okay, what?
-Jackie Stilton is...
-Hey, y'all!
...here, swinging by.
-Hey, girl. How are you? Hi.
-Hi, hon. I'm so sorry,
but I just had to stop by
and say hi to my gals at home.
Okay, we're out
of the Burmese Khaki.
Now we're sold out
-Push the Meringue.
-But...
-we have the Creamy Meringue.
-Creamy Meringue.
You know, the last time
someone did my hair was
for my bat mitzvah.
Joanna Gold rehearsal,
take four.
Okay, and I just have
some beautiful
color options for you today.
Now, I want to show you
these Sandstone Neutral.
Okay, no more Sandstone.
Tell 'em we're out.
Okay, and so we are
actually very low
on the Sandstone Neutrals,
so please--
Oh, no, not "low." They're done.
Okay, got you. Sorry about that.
Uh, don't say "got you."
Don't-don't talk to me.
Sorry. Oh, okay. Sorry.
So, um, so we do have a...
quite a few left
in our Miami Multi,
-actually, though.
-Stand by for close-up.
And I just want you
to get a close-up
-on this gorgeous exclusive.
-No, no, I-I said, "Stand by."
-Not yet.
-Okay, and you're not gonna
see it for a second,
'cause it's gonna
-take a sec to get to that.
-You don't have
-to tell them that.
-I'm so sorry. I don't know.
Don't apologize.
Stop apologizing.
Okay. Okay, sorry.
Okay, I won't.
I'm sorry for saying "sorry."
Honestly, how lucky are we
to get paid to do what we love?
All right, now,
the Diet Fiesta Coconut Cake
is one of our best sellers,
so let's see how you do.
Okay.
Mmm. I wish y'all could
smell this cake.
I just love this cake.
Okay, time-out already.
-Oh.
Honey, you got
to spice it up a little bit.
Now, yeah, you could say,
"I love this cake."
- Wah, wah.
What you want to say is,
"My grandma loves this cake."
"My niece is a coconut freak."
"My mama,
every year on her birthday,
she gets this cake." I mean,
don't use the mama stuff,
'cause that's mine, but--
-Got it. No mamas, okay.
-Wh-What about your daughters?
You got two little
baby daughters?
-No.
-No kids?
Mm-mm.
Well, what about
your-your book club
with your little wino friends?
Oh, I mostly just listen
to audiobooks in my car.
We're coming
into people's living rooms.
We're their friends, you know?
It's a relationship.
I like hearing
about the color story,
but what I really want to know
about is, what's Joanna's story?
-You know?
-Right. Mm-hmm.
-Okay--
-Action!
So... my story is,
um,
when I was a kid,
I had...
...such a classic
Midwestern upbringing.
Hmm.
Okay.
I always prefer a lobster
claw clasp, not only because
of that oh-so-important
-security it offers...
-Mom?
Can I get that bracelet?
It has a lobster claw clasp,
which is unheard of
at this price point.
...fabulous
earrings, and I thought,
"I'm gonna make this
a great day."
upbeat music
Oh, my God.
I love it!
So, this fridge gets emptied out
every night at 2 a.m.
So, as long as you get here
before then, you're golden.
Are you gonna finish
that chicken leg?
Mmm. I think it...
I think it's mostly cartilage.
No, there's meat on there.
-Take it.
-I can see it. Yeah.
Mmm. I love your bracelet,
by the way.
-Oh.
-So cute.
Where'd you get it?
Um...
Sorry.
What's the matter? Are you okay?
-Yeah. No, yeah.
-Aw.
-Here, you can have the chicken.
-No, it--
There's eight more in the back.
No, no, no.
It's not that. It's, um...
you sold me this bracelet
when I was 13, and...
I was going through sort of
a hard time because, um...
Well, it doesn't matter why.
But I wear it every single day.
And, um,
every time I look at it,
it just makes me feel better.
And it makes me feel...
like I have a friend.
And so, it's just...
pretty crazy for me
to be sitting here
with you right now, like,
you know, having a chicken.
-Aw.
Herringbone is so classic.
It really has an air
of sophistication.
Oh, are you okay?
I just can't believe
you have that bracelet
after all these years, you know?
That's so sweet.
Marty would always tease me
about this place.
I could always tell that
he thought my job was so stupid.
Will you pass me that chocolate
bunny holding a cell phone?
-I could just...
-Oh, thanks.
You know,
my astrologer told me
that my divorce will make space
for new connections.
So, maybe this is what
she was talking about, you know?
I'm so glad you're here.
Oh. Me, too.
This bunny actually tastes
so bad.
I feel like
it almost tastes dusty.
You are gonna be
so great tomorrow.
What? They're giving out
Academy Awards
for selling place mats now?
And I won?
- I've never felt so
Satisfied
I'm in love, I'm alive
Intoxicated
- I don't know if it's real
- Ah, ah
But I like the way
I feel inside
- You've
- Got me feeling
- Emotions
Why did my product change?
Uh, it happens.
Two minutes to live!
-Hey, you're gonna be great.
-Really?
-I'm not sure.
What? Are you being serious?
No! I'm-I'm kidding. Come on.
Okay. Okay.
I'll feed you everything.
Okay. Thank you. Excuse me.
Okay.
-Suzanne.
-Uh, what?
-Oh, hi. I'm Joanna.
-Ugh! Are you new?
-Yeah.
-Ugh.
-Next on SVN,
an hour of fabulous products
to enhance your home.
Stay tuned for   A La Maison.
In five, four, three.
-I know.
-Okay, okay.
Thank you so much
for joining us tonight.
My name is Joanna Gold, and I am
truly thrilled
to be here tonight
with the founder of the
GottaHaveIt Deep Sleep line.
Hello there, Suzanne DuNaysh.
How are you, my love?
-Eric Adams is on the phone.
-Great.
So happy to be bringing
this here.
Does he want ass or money?
I think money.
...your very first
ever broadcast?
-No.
-It sure is.
-Copy.
-I'm a little freshman
-at SVN High School, okay?
-And I'm-I'm happy to be here.
So, we are starting it out
with item H-42383.
This is the GottaHaveIt
Deep Sleep Pillow Mist.
And, Suzanne, can you please
tell us about this product?
-Because I love it so very much.
This is a fragrant
pillow mist...
-Okay.
-...specifically designed
by researchers
to prepare the body for sleep.
Okay, now, I love that so much.
That it's been developed in
a science way. How cool is that?
-Oh, it's perfect.
-It's so good, Joanna.
This is actually
a limited-edition spritz.
And it's got so many
wonderful things in it.
It has got lavender,
it has got white musk,
-and it has got vetiver.
-Mmm.
So, how dreamy
does that combo sound?
-Are you dying to smell it?
-I sure am.
-Mm.
Mmm.
You got to be
fucking kidding me.
Okay, Joanna, you kind of
made a face like it smelled bad.
So, just don't do that again.
-So good.
Smells awesome, you guys!
-Awesome!
-Uh, cut to the product.
Okay, uh, Joanna, this
is going really fucking south.
So, you need to talk now.
And I just, I-I really want
to tell you that
we're gonna have such a, uh,
great hour ahead of us.
We're gonna have fun, okay?
We're gonna have a blast.
Well, thank you so much.
What a fun night.
Now, keep it right here
for Foot Fancy
with Kikland Hubbard. Buh-bye.
-Thank you. See you next time.
Clear!
Um, thanks so much
for doing that with me.
That was a lot of fun.
You fucked me.
-Hi.
-Hey. Great job.
-Except for that face you made.
Patricia wants to see you
in the morning.
-Okay.
-That's really bad.
-Good luck!
-Thank you.
soft, gentle music
Washing her hair. Come on.
Where are you from?
-Oh, Patricia?
-How old are you? Yes.
Patricia, she's here.
-Hey.
-Okay, Darcy.
Show her the sales.
Go ahead, show her.
You know, it's difficult
to want to buy a pillow mist
when the person
selling it to you smells it
and then makes that face.
It's not that bad. Don't worry.
Look, um, I'm really sorry.
It's just, I was practicing
with the place mats all week.
So, you know,
I-I'm just so sorry for...
Okay. I accept your apology.
-Okay.
-But I'm curious.
How much is your apology worth?
Is it worth $78,000?
Because that's how much
pillow mist I've got sitting
in my warehouse taking up space,
kind of like you.
Can I just ask why I got
taken off Janeane by Janeane?
Beth Ann wanted it.
Okay, I think we're done.
Okay, so should I just
go back to my--
You're fired.
What?! Patty?! No, no.
Pat, come on. Can't we just
give her another chance?
I just gave her
a big fat fucking chance,
and she shit the bed.
Come on. She's got something.
You know it.
Now, Jackie...
...you're back on Ageless
as of today.
Beth Ann stays on place mats.
You're gonna fire me
after one mistake?
I can do this!
I-I'm really good at this.
Okay, look.
Just look. Okay, so, um,
here-here we have
a Deep Pillow Mist, and...
Mmm. Oh, mmm!
I just feel like
I'm in a babbling brook, and...
Isn't that so nice, Beth Ann?
Don't you just love
-how it smells?
-Go!
Oh, my God. I just feel
like a dewy...
like a dewy woman now, and...
It's nontoxic, so we get the...
We can just get a little sip.
-Okay.
-Joanna?
-That is so good.
It just does...
That tastes like not crap.
-Joanna.
-I love it so much, I'm--
-Damn!
Honey, no.
Patricia.
Please.
I could be a great host.
I could be a star.
So, what did
the Basquiat people say?
Well, Elon is
bidding higher, but you know
-he wouldn't even hang it up.
-I'm sorry.
-Elon.
-That's just what's happening.
-I'm doing my best.
-Jesus, what is wrong with you?
-It won't handle itself.
-I'm on it.
You know I'm calling them
every other hour.
I have cancer!
Oh, my God. What?
That's right. Um,
I had it when I was a kid,
and she back.
Oh, I just found out recently,
and I didn't want
to tell you all
because I didn't want
to burden you.
So, sorry I messed up
last night.
But I guess
I've got a couple of,
two, three things on my mind.
All right?
Patricia,
you wanted to know my story.
You wanted to know
what I'm selling you.
What's my deal?
Well, I have an answer for you:
I'm a survivor.
And I know that obstacles
just make us stronger.
They make us better.
They make us appreciate
the little things,
the details.
-Keep talking.
-Like this beautiful
cross-stitch hem,
and this bow, which,
I feel like it almost has,
like, a '50s quality to it.
And, you know, as someone
who's battling cancer,
I'm telling you,
we're all going through
something.
And we all deserve a garment
that says,
"Here I am,
and not only am I going
to be okay;
I'm gonna be fabulous."
"It Ain't Over 'til It's Over"
by Lenny Kravitz
Here we are
Still together
We are one
So much time wasted
Playing games with love
So many tears I've cried
So much pain inside
But, baby, it ain't over
till it's over
So many years we've tried
To keep our love alive
But, baby, it ain't over
till it's over